c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\şirket\şirket\obj\Debug\şirket.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\şirket\şirket\bin\şirket.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\şirket\şirket\bin\şirket.pdb
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\şirket\şirket\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\şirket\şirket\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\şirket\şirket\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\şirket\şirket\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\şirket\şirket\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\şirket\şirket\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\şirket\şirket\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\şirket\şirket\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\şirket\şirket\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\şirket\şirket\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\şirket\şirket\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\şirket\şirket\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\şirket\şirket\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\şirket\şirket\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\şirket\şirket\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\şirket\şirket\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\şirket\şirket\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\şirket\şirket\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\şirket\şirket\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\şirket\şirket\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\şirket\şirket\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\şirket\şirket\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\şirket\şirket\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\şirket\şirket\obj\Debug\şirket.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\şirket\şirket\obj\Debug\şirket.pdb
C:\Users\MERT\Desktop\şirket\şirket\bin\şirket.dll
C:\Users\MERT\Desktop\şirket\şirket\bin\şirket.pdb
C:\Users\MERT\Desktop\şirket\şirket\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\MERT\Desktop\şirket\şirket\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\MERT\Desktop\şirket\şirket\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\MERT\Desktop\şirket\şirket\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\MERT\Desktop\şirket\şirket\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\MERT\Desktop\şirket\şirket\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\MERT\Desktop\şirket\şirket\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\MERT\Desktop\şirket\şirket\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\MERT\Desktop\şirket\şirket\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\MERT\Desktop\şirket\şirket\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\MERT\Desktop\şirket\şirket\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\MERT\Desktop\şirket\şirket\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\MERT\Desktop\şirket\şirket\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\MERT\Desktop\şirket\şirket\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\MERT\Desktop\şirket\şirket\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\MERT\Desktop\şirket\şirket\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\MERT\Desktop\şirket\şirket\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\MERT\Desktop\şirket\şirket\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\MERT\Desktop\şirket\şirket\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\MERT\Desktop\şirket\şirket\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\MERT\Desktop\şirket\şirket\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\MERT\Desktop\şirket\şirket\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\MERT\Desktop\şirket\şirket\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\MERT\Desktop\şirket\şirket\obj\Debug\şirket.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\MERT\Desktop\şirket\şirket\obj\Debug\şirket.dll
C:\Users\MERT\Desktop\şirket\şirket\obj\Debug\şirket.pdb
